/////Single Player Mini Games/////
Roll a dice to figure out which game you are playing

1 or 2 - Fowl Play: On a random board, you are placed in a random location. two squares behind your robot a random bot is placed facing away from you. You receive 9 cards and can program 5 of them. You program your phases one by one so that you can react to the bots. Repeat this so that you have a total of 2 turns. If you bump the random bot at any time, or it bumps you, you win and get an option card. If the random bot falls in a pit or off the map, it is stuck there and all you have to do is fall on top of it to win. If you have not hit a bot at the end of 2 turns then the game is over.

3 or 4 - Swing Batter Batter: on the 8x8 board, place your bot down in the middle of one of the edges facing the center. 4 random bots are each assigned an option card (that you are allowed to look at), and are placed on the center line facing your bot. You must remember which bot has which item, as one of them has a bomb that will do 1 point of damage if you hit him (place a point of damage under one of the option cards to indicate which one).
For this mini game, your bot is now equipped with a baseball bat. You may choose to swing at any time. The bat hits the square diagonal right of your bot, directly in front, and diagonal left (in that order). If you hit one or more bots, you receive the option card from the first bot you hit and the game is over. You receive 9 cards and can program 5 of them. You program your phases one by one so that you can react to the bots. Repeat this so that you have a total of 2 turns. If you have not hit a bot at the end of 2 turns then the game is over.

5 or 6 - Hide And Sneak: 7x7 grid. You are given 10 cards and have to avoid 4 random bots. You only have to survive for 6 phases. All the random bots receive random cards for each phase. You program your cards one by one (not all 6 at once). In this way you can attempt to react to the random bots to hopefully avoid them. The setup is on a random board. Roll 2 dice to figure out your starting location. Then the 4 random bots are placed in the diagonal squares next to your robot facing outward. You win if you survive 6 turns without getting hit, at which point you receive an option card.
