If you have Robo Rally and the Armed and Dangerous expansion, do not play with the following option cards:

(Built in using custom rules)
-Recompile
-Abort Switch
-Superior Archive Copy

(Not useful)
-Circuit Breaker
-Bio Option
-Homing Device

(Too Cheap)
-Option Damping Field
-Fire Control
-Radio Control
-Robo-Copter
-Interceptor
-Converter
-Conditional
-Frog Legs


/////Extra Option Cards (make them yourself) (<X> = X damage (Y) = Y uses):

A Change Of Plans: If your cards aren't to your liking, you may exchange either all movement cards or all turns for new cards (only once per turn).

Abyss: When activated, each player places one pit token at the start of the next turn. Pit tokens may be places anywhere except under a bot and disappear at the start of the subsequent turn. (2)

Activate Subcommands: When activated, all bots within 5 squares activate all possible options (done at random if needed). If this causes an option to be discarded, Activate Subcommands is discarded as well.

AI Drone: In place of your main laser- place and AI Drone token in your bot's square. AI Drones execute two Move 2 cards and three Rotate cards of their choice to get closer to target bot. Every turn at the start of the first register phase, the AI Drone scans the factory. The closest bot to the drone becomes the new target for that turn. (2)

Air Cushion Drive: Program by placing this option on a phase. You bot is able to hover for this phase and is no longer affected by any factory floor elements (gears, belts, oil, sand, ice, water, soap, ...), but can still be crushed.

All Sections On Alert: Prevents up to 2 damage per turn. Remove 1 counter if any amount of damage was prevented this turn. (3)

All Threes: Treat all movement cards for this turn as if they were for three spaces (backup still moves backwards, but for three spaces). When activated, take three damage.

Alter Records: If your bot was pushed (either by bot or pusher), you may recompile your remaining cards to adapt to the situation.

Anti-Matter Pod: When activated, place a pot token on your bot's square. If a robot passes over or stops on the pot, the respective bot takes 1-6 damage (random). <1-6> (3)

Automatic Transmission: You may now combine two or more cards in a single register. Priority is of the lowest card. You can only make the following combinations: 1+1=2; 1+1+1=3; 1+2=3; L+L=U-turn; R+R=U-turn.

Battle Royale: Activate this card whenever you want. All players draw 5 option cards. The player who drew this card draws 6 total. (1)

Blue Shell: When activated, place a blue shell token in your square. After all bots move and any board elements, blue shell moves a total of 3 squares that bring it closer to the player who is winning (even diagonally). Upon impact with a bot, the bot is pushed one square in the direction the blue shell is going. Upon impact with the winning player, blue shell blows up bringing that bot's damage to 9. <?> (1)

Bubblegum Blaster: You may fire bubblegum instead of your bot's main laser. Target bot is now affected by bubblegum. Every turn, if target bot has add-up priority of over 2000, that bot receives 1 point of damage. Powering down removes bubblegum. (3)

Catapult: You may now catapult all your device tokens up to 12 squares away in your line of sight. You may also use the catapult to launch your bot up to 6 squares in you line of sight, receiving 2 points of damage when landing. Discard Catapult if used to launch your bot.

Chainsaw: When ramming another bot, you may destroy one of that player's option cards. Alternatively, you may destroy their program card for the next register phase (they do not execute any program that phase).

Choke: When activated, your current movement card is decreased by 1. Your next move is increased by 1. You cannot stack the effect.

Cleansing Agent: When activated, place a soap token in your square. If a robot executes a rotate card on soap, it is doubled. Executing a movement card decreases it by 1. (3)

Cold Feet: When activated, place an ice token in the squares your bot left and passed through this turn. (3)

Collaborative Killing: All other bots receive 1 less program card. Discard this option if your bot is destroyed.

Computer Virus: If you drew this card, you are note affected. Your bot receives one less cards. If you push or share the same square with another bot, you transfer the virus to that bot. This option cannot be destroyed.

Cracked Walls: When activated, walls no longer inhibit lasers for the turn. (4)

Crawl Mine: When activated, place a crawl mine token in your bot's square. At the beginning of each turn, Crawl Mine moves 1 square in the direction of your choice (even diagonally). Craw mines are unaffected by all board elements except pits. <4> (3)

Disruptor Pistol: In place of your main laser- target bot will fail to execute next register's program card.

Double Shot: At the start of your turn, indicate left or right. You now have a laser that shoots in the direction of your main laser, but from a starting point of one square left or right of your bot.

Electro-Shock: You may choose to activate this option whenever a bot is in a square adjacent to your at the end of any phase- you are both pushed 1 square away from each other and the other bot takes 1 damage.

Extraordinary Resilience: The first point of damage you take each turn is negated. Discard this option if you receive 4 or more damage in a single turn.

Flame Thrower: If a robot crosses your line of sight at any point, you may fire a flame thrower that lasts the whole phase. Its range is 3 squares and persists even if you move. Each bot receives 1 damage for passing through it, and another when ending the phase on it (including you).

Flawless Marksmanship: Your front laser is able to fire diagonally in addition to forward. In more than one robot is able to be hit, you must choose only one.

Firepower: Each of your bot's inbuilt weapons gains 1 point of damage (lasers and anything that modifies your bot counts as an inbuilt weapon).

Force Shield: When activated (for the turn), your bot cannot be damaged by other options, but you may not use any options other than Force Shield.

Fuzzy Logic Processor: You may leave registers unprogrammed. In these register phases, you may choose one of the other bots' program cards to copy and execute. You may also leave the register empty. In case of priority, the original card counts as higher.

Grapnel: You may fire the grapnel at any unobstructed wall. For the rest of the turn, your bot is pulled 3 squares toward the wall each phase instead of executing your its program. If your bot hits a wall, you take damage that phase for each square you are unable to move.

Hair Dryer: In place of your main laser- you may now blow away all bots within 3 squares in your line of sight. Target bots are moved the number of squares it takes to get out of the range of your Hair Dryer.

Halt: If you are on a belt element, you may place a bolt down. The entire belt affected will not move for this and the following 2 register phases (entire belt = continuous and same color). (2)

Hammers: If another bot is on your left or right at the end of a phase, you hit that bot with a hammer for 1 damage.

Hedgehog Suit: Any bot that pushes you receives 1 damage.

Hidden Entrance: When activated, the wall in front of you opens up for the rest of the game, but only during this and the next phase. (2)

I'll Try Spinning: When programming, you may place a rotate card on this option. This card is executed before each of your register phases.

In Range: All players' weapons with limited range gain +2 to their range. Any of yours gain +3 range.

Instant Archive Copy: You may choose to withdraw your archive copy robot in the square you stood in before your bot was killed. (1)

Investor: Next time you would receive an option card, take three instead and discard investor.

Limbo Legs: When activated, your bot does the limbo, does not take laser damage, and cannot be hit by missiles. While in limbo, all movements are decreased by 1 and you cannot use your lasers or laser mods.

Looper: Place in any register (except the first) in place of a program card. Do not program any cards after it, instead, your robot will loop its program from the beginning for the rest of the turn.

Masterful Move: At the end of any turn you reach a flag, you receive one additional program card for your next turn and program 6 register phases.

Mirror Image: If your bot is on a belt element, you may place a token on it. For the whole next turn, the entire belt will move in the opposite direction (entire belt = continuous and same color). (1)

Misinformation Pistol: In place of your main laser- target bot gets new cards for the remaining phases and must reprogram.

Neutralizer: When activated, place a token in the squares your bot left and passed through this phase. Bots in the neutralized zone cannot use options or lasers. (3)

Nuclear Engine: Your bot is equipped with a nuclear engine. When you die, it explodes for 64 damage and a counter is removed. Discard this option if there are no more counters. (2)

Nobody Tosses A Dwarf: Your bot cannot be pushed into any board element that would cause its destruction, but you cannot push other bots.

Not Easily Destroyed: When your bot would receive a point of damage thta would lock a register, prevent that damage and remove 1 counter from this option. Discard this option if there are no more counters. (5)

Off Switch: Deactivate your bot at any time, except on the last register phase. Remove 2 damage for each phase spent shut down. (2)

Oil Leak: When activated, place an oil token in the squares your robot left and passed through on this phase. (3)

Oops!: At the end of any turn, if you were not destroyed, you may discard Oops! to instantly teleport back to your archive location or the position you started in this turn.

Phased Matter: Your bot can walk through walls but does not receive more than 6 program cards. You may discard this option at any time to receive a new full hand of program cards.

Pick One To Save Two: You may discard options (including this one), to prevent two points of damage instead of just one.

Portside Laser: Your bot now has an extra laser on its left side.

Power Down Offence: When your bot is powered down, during weapons phase, you fire lasers in all 4 directions.

Power To The Losers: Place this option in a register instead of a program card. This card counts as a forward X, where X equals the number of bots who have tagged more flags than you.

Reconstruction Module: You may discard this option at any time for the last option card discarded by any other player.

Repair Program: You may repair 1 damage at the end of the turn. If so, draw a card from the program deck. If you draw a backup, discard an option card.

Retro-Processor: Place this card in a program register instead of a program card. This option copies the previous register and is executed as a program card.

Revenge: This option is dormant until a bot pushes or damages you. Until that bot is killed, all your damage to that bot is doubled. Pushing or pulling that bot does 1 damage to it. Discard this option if that bot is destroyed.

Reverse Program: Place this card with on a program card to reverse its function. Rotate left becomes rotate right, move 2 becomes backup 2, etc.

Sander: Place a sand token on your bot's square. Sand neutralizes oil, ice, soap, gears, and belts. (3)

Scoop: If your bot steps on a non-moving option card token, you may pick it up and later place it down at the end of any phase you choose. While activated, you cannot use weapons.

Sheer Willpower: When standing directly facing a wall, you can cross in by using a forward 3, effectively moving 1 square through the wall.

Sleep Walk: If activated, your bot moves forward 1 all five phases (can also be used while powered down).

Sneak Gear: Your bot may now choose to move forward 2 squares when it executes a move 3, and 1 square when it executes a move 2.

Solar Panel: every time your bot ends its turn on or next to a laser or has been shot by a laser at all during the turn, you receive 2 bonus program cards for your next turn.

Space-Time Portal: Opens a portal to the future. Move anywhere within 10 squares. Your bot cannot tag flags this turn. Skip your next turn. (1)

Spike Dropper: Place a spike token in your spare. Bots passing over or stopping on a spike take 1 damage. <1> (4)

Spiky Tires: Your bot is unaffected by ice, soap, and oil. Your bot cannot be pushed.

Starboard Laser: Your bot now has an extra laser on its right side.

Storage Battery: Your bot only takes 3 phases to power down. You receive 4 cards to program registers 4 and 5.

Stun: When your bot pushes another bot, the other bot is stunned for the next two phases (even across turns).

Sustained Fire Laser: Your main laser fires constantly. Anyone in your line of sight after movement phase and/or board elements phase is shot.

Swap: You may use this card to swap places with any other bot within 5 squares. (1)

The Gatherers: At any time, you may decide to steal an option card from a bot adjacent to your bot and discard this option.

Thought Fire: If you are adjacent to another bot at the start of the turn- the other bot burns a random program card. Affected bot does not execute any program on that phase.

Three Dimensional Thinking: In one register per turn, you may use a forward as if it were a backup of equal number or vise versa.

V.I.P Card: When activated, the priority of all your cards is doubled for this turn and your move 3's act as move 2's.